docs: README rewrite (#305)
recognai/rubrix: README.md

<p align="left">
    <img src="docs/images/rubrix_logo.svg" alt="drawing" width="200" />
</p>

> <h4> Python framework to explore, label, and monitor data for NLP</h4>

Author: ```suggestion
<p> Python framework to explore, label, and monitor data for NLP</p>
```

    </a>
        <a href="https://hub.docker.com/r/recognai/rubrix">
        <img alt="CI" src="https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/recognai/rubrix">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/ambv/black">
        <img alt="CI" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg?style=flat-square">
    </a>
    <a href="https://twitter.com/recogn_ai">
        <img alt="CI" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/recogn_ai.svg?style=social&label=Follow">
    </a>
    <!--img alt="CI" src="https://img.shields.io/docker/v/recognai/rubrix?sort=semver"-->
    
</p>

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1107111/132382444-56218f91-7492-4a2f-9c05-aa3082f4f212.mp4

## What is Rubrix?

Rubrix is a **production-ready Python framework for exploring, annotating, and managing data** in NLP projects. 

Key features:

- **Open**: Rubrix is free, open-source, and 100% compatible with major NLP libraries (Hugging Face transformers, spaCy, Stanford Stanza, Flair, etc.). In fact, you can **use and combine your preferred libraries** without implementing any specific interface.

> - **End-to-end**: Most annotation tools treat data collection as a one-off activity at the beginning of each project. In real-world projects, data collection is a key activity of the iterative ML development process. Once a model goes into production, you want to monitor and analyze its predictions and collect more data to improve your model over time. Rubrix is designed to close this gap, enabling you to **iterate as much you need**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **End-to-end**: Most annotation tools treat data collection as a one-off activity at the beginning of each project. In real-world projects, data collection is a key activity of the iterative process of ML model development. Once a model goes into production, you want to monitor and analyze its predictions, and collect more data to improve your model over time. Rubrix is designed to close this gap, enabling you to **iterate as much as you need**.
```

- **User and Developer Experience**: The key to sustainable NLP solutions is to make it easier for everyone to contribute to projects. *Domain experts* should feel comfortable interpreting and annotating data. *Data scientists* should feel free to experiment and iterate. *Engineers* should feel in control of data pipelines. Rubrix optimizes the experience for these core users to **make your teams more productive**. 

> - **Beyond hand-labeling**: Classical hand labeling workflows are costly and inefficient, but having humans-in-the-loop is essential. Easily combine hand-labeling with active learning, bulk-labeling, zero-shot models, and weak-supervision into **novel data annotation workflows**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Beyond hand-labeling**: Classical hand labeling workflows are costly and inefficient, but having humans-in-the-loop is essential. Easily combine hand-labeling with active learning, bulk-labeling, zero-shot models, and weak-supervision in **novel data annotation workflows**.
```

## Example

Let's see Rubrix in action with a quick example: *Bootstraping data annotation with a zero-shot classifier* 

**Why**: 

- The availability of pre-trained language models with zero-shot capabilities (i.e., no need to train it for your own use case) means you can, sometimes, accelerate your data annotation tasks by pre-annotating your corpus with a pre-trained model.

> - The same workflow can be applied if there's a pre-trained "supervised" model which fits your categories but you need to fine-tune for your own use case. For example, fine-tuning a sentiment classifier for a highly specific type of messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The same workflow can be applied if there is a pre-trained "supervised" model that fits your categories but needs fine-tuning for your own use case. For example, fine-tuning a sentiment classifier for a very specific type of message.
```

**Ingredients**:

- A zero-shot classifier from the 🤗 Hub: `typeform/distilbert-base-uncased-mnli`
- A dataset containing news
- A set of target categories: `Business`, `Sports`, etc.

**What are we going to do**:

1. Make predictions and log them into a Rubrix dataset.

> 2. Use Rubrix UI for filtering records predicted as `Business` with high probability. Use the bulk-labeling feature for labeling 15 records as `Business`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use Rubrix UI for filtering records predicted as `Business` with high probability. Use the bulk-labeling feature to label 15 records as `Business`.
```

3. Load the annotated examples and create a training set, which you can then use to train a supervised classifier.

### 1. Predict and log

Let's load the zero-shot pipeline and the dataset (we are using the AGNews dataset for demonstration, but this could be your own dataset). Then, let's go over the dataset records and log them using `rb.log()`. This will create a Rubrix dataset, accesible from the UI.

```python
from transformers import pipeline
from datasets import load_dataset
import rubrix as rb

model = pipeline('zero-shot-classification', model="typeform/distilbert-base-uncased-mnli")

dataset = load_dataset("ag_news", split='test[0:100]')

labels = ['World', 'Sports', 'Business', 'Sci/Tech']

for record in dataset:
    prediction = model(record['text'], labels)

    item = rb.TextClassificationRecord(
        inputs=record["text"],
        prediction=list(zip(prediction['labels'], prediction['scores']))
    )

    rb.log(item, name="news_zeroshot")
```

### 2. Explore, Filter and Label

> Now we can access our Rubrix dataset and start annotating data. Let's filter the records predicted as `Business` with high probability and use the bulk-labeling feature for labeling 15 records as `Business`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we can access our Rubrix dataset and start annotating. Let's filter the records predicted as `Business` with high probability and use the bulk-labeling feature to label 15 records as `Business`:
```

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1107111/132261244-b9151571-608e-4a41-8f34-e9dc1c8b8e38.mp4

### 3. Load and create a training set

> After a round of data annotation, we can load the Rubrix dataset and transform it into a 🤗 dataset for training a supervised classifier.

Reviewer: Not sure if the transformation to a HF dataset is neccessary, maybe other frameworks prefer DataFrames. I would just explain the steps to filter the annotated records and how to extract the text + label

```suggestion
After a round of data annotation, we can load the Rubrix dataset and create a training set to train a supervised classifier.
```

Author: Yes, I agree!

> ```python
> from datasets import Dataset
> 
> rb_df = rb.load(name='news_zeroshot')
> 
> # filter annotated records
> rb_df = rb_df[rb_df.status == "Validated"]
> 
> # select text input and the annotated label
> rb_df['text'] = rb_df.inputs.transform(lambda r: r['text'])
> 
> # labels can be a list (for supporting multi-label text classifiers)
> rb_df['labels'] = rb_df.annotation.transform(lambda r: r[0])
> 
> 
> # create 🤗 dataset from pandas with labels as numeric ids
> label2id = {label: i for i,label in enumerate(labels)}
> train_ds = Dataset.from_pandas(rb_df[['text', 'labels']])
> train_ds = train_ds.map(lambda example: {'labels': label2id[example['labels']]})
> ```

Reviewer: In the master branch, the `annotation` column for `multi_label=False` records, contains strings, not a list of strings. I fixed it in the T2T PR.

```suggestion
```python
# load the Rubrix dataset as a pandas DataFrame
rb_df = rb.load(name='news_zeroshot')

# filter annotated records
rb_df = rb_df[rb_df.status == "Validated"]

# select text input and the annotated label
train_df = pd.DataFrame({
    "text": rb_df.inputs.transform(lambda r: r["text"]),
    "label": rb_df.annotation,
})
```
```

## Architecture

Rubrix main components are:

- **Rubrix Python library**: Python client to log, load, copy and delete Rubrix datasets from Python.
- **Rubrix server**: FastAPI REST service for reading and writing data.
- **Elasticsearch**: The storage layer and search engine powering the API and UI.

> - **Rubrix UI**: Easy-to-use UI for data exploration and annotation.

Reviewer: Should we stick with the term `Rubrix UI`? In the docs we often refer to this component as `Web App`. Either way, I think we should be consistent.

Author: You're right, can you change it to Web App here?
